README.md, before:

# AWS Certifications curated study guides

## Description

This repo contains the study guides that I have used for previous AWS certifications or those that I am currently using to pursue new AWS certifications.  The main goal of this repo would be to become the free and unoficial study guides for AWS Certifications, but there are a few Github repositories that try to achieve the same goal.  The reasons why I chose to start a new repository are several, but I could mention a few: 1) unlicensed repositories, 2) outdated study guides, 3) all the guide content published in the README, 4) my personal urgency, etc.

**Notes:**

1. At this moment, all the guides are out of date.  The guide that will be udpated soon is *DEA-C01*.
2. My native language is not English, so if you find any misuse of the language, I appreciate it if you can send me an issue, so I can proceed to fix it.


## Table of Contents

- [License](#license)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)

## License

[GPLv3](LICENSE)

## How to Contribute

If you would like to contribute, you can do it in the same way as any other project: with issues, with direct fixes, etc., but, if you are currently studying for an AWS certification and would like to reuse, collaborate or even add a new guide, you are totally welcome for that.  If this is your case, please create an issue and I will get back to you ASAP.

Commit message:

Definitive license added. Sub-folders names standardized.

README.md, after:

# AWS Certifications curated study guides

## Description

This repo contains the study guides that I have used for previous AWS certifications or those that I am currently using to pursue new AWS certifications.  The main goal of this repo would be to become the free and unoficial study guides for AWS Certifications, but there are a few Github repositories that try to achieve the same goal.  The reasons why I chose to start a new repository are several, but I could mention a few: 1) unlicensed repositories, 2) outdated study guides, 3) all the guide content published in the README, 4) my personal urgency, etc.

**Notes:**

1. At this moment, all the guides are out of date.  The guide that will be udpated soon is *DEA-C01*.
2. My native language is not English, so if you find any misuse of the language, I appreciate it if you can send me an issue, so I can proceed to fix it.


## Table of Contents

- [License](#license)
- [How to Contribute](#how-to-contribute)

## License

Shield: [![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-shield]][cc-by-nc-sa]

AWS Certifications - Study guides © 2024 by Franklin Marín is licensed under a
[Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International License][cc-by-nc-sa].

[![CC BY-NC-SA 4.0][cc-by-nc-sa-image]][cc-by-nc-sa]

[cc-by-nc-sa]: http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/
[cc-by-nc-sa-image]: https://licensebuttons.net/l/by-nc-sa/4.0/88x31.png
[cc-by-nc-sa-shield]: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY--NC--SA%204.0-lightgrey.svg

## How to Contribute

If you would like to contribute, you can do it in the same way as any other project: with issues, with direct fixes, etc., but, if you are currently studying for an AWS certification and would like to reuse, collaborate or even add a new guide, you are totally welcome for that.  If this is your case, please create an issue and I will get back to you ASAP.
